Don't worry.
I fought this route today
I know I want to kill Princess Chu and avenge Master Hu
Brother Hao is so anxious
Are you going to pick up Princess Chu?
Well, Brother Hao
I need to talk to you.
Speak quickly
Didn't even invite me in
Why are you afraid that I will plot against you?
Just like a year ago in the Duke's Mansion
What Yuan Qingling did to you
You think too much
This king just thinks that you and I are married to each other
Should avoid suspicion
When are you going to avoid suspicion with me?
You really fell in love with Yuan Qingling
Just a year
You changed your mind
Hurt my heart
You have to tell this king
This king thinks there is nothing to say
What about the Supreme Emperor hitting the poison of cinnabar?
Don't you want to know the truth?
Come in and say